For me, personally, joining the military was one of the best things that
I could've done. You will work really hard and once you get out and
you become a civilian, you realize that what you did was protect
the nation. You protected the people around you, the civilians and you
can kind of see, even the job that you'll start to have and the jobs
that they've always had, you had a large part in making that possible.
So, I think it was worth it for the pride that you get for serving
your country and the skills that you obtain because I didn't have
any of those skills before but from that point on, I had my education
paid for and I had a valuable job that, if I ever wanted to, I
could flip a coin and then have a really high paying job. So, it was
definitely worth it.